1. BRO SALUTE:
	Extend your little finger and thumb keeping all others into a fist.
	Formal version: Raise your arm to an angle of 30 to 45 degree. Stand straight with your other arm beside your waist with the other fist clenced. 
	Casual version: Just extend your little finger and thumb. This version can be performed at any position. The reason to include a casual version is because bros are usually lazy.
	
2. You can break the code if and only if you are in a life and death situation.
	(exception for Hitesh bro: He can break the code for Aarzoo).

3. You may not share the stories with people outside the bro club that more than or equal to 2 bros have vetoed.

4. You may not share secret stories of other bros that they have shared with you as long as the bro permits to do so.

5. Bros can only make fun of other bros in presence of members of the bro club only.

6. Bros must support other bros at all time.

7. Bro must share all his secrets without any other bro prompting him to tell them. In case the bro feels the secret is too personal he may tell the other bros about it being too personal.

8. If your bro got dumped by his girlfriend, it's your responsibility to take him out for drinks and not asking him any questions about it the entire time.

9. Never include Sahil into the bro club.

10. If Sahil makes fun of any bro in front of other bros the other bros are obliged to kick his ass.

11. You don't ever hit on your bros girlfriend. Even an ex.

12. If bros relatives or girlfriend asks if bro was at your place last night or any day you have to say yes, you can although kick him later for that.

13. A bro will never let his bro wear jesans or trousers below his ass because it looks gross.

14. A bro may ask other bro to lend him money but he has to make sure he returns it in the next month, until he really doesn't has any.

15. Never make fun of a bro following the bro code.

16. A bro has to help his parents and family first, then comes bros and then all the other people.

17. Do not interrupt the creator of bro code i.e., Naman Sharma and Vishal Thakur.

18. Bros must be allowed to force other bros for marriage because they need to dance in it.

19. When a bro "bro salutes you" you have salute back.
PUNISHMENT:
Punishments are based on the severity of the code rule.
1. 



